c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\sc80wffmexviews.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\sc80wffmexviews.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\sc80wffmex.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\sc80wffmex.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\obj\Debug\sc80wffmexviews.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\obj\Debug\sc80wffmexviews.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\obj\Debug\sc80wffmexviews.pdb
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\Sitecore.Kernel.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\Sitecore.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\CustomAction.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\Sitecore.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sc80wffmex\sc80wffmexviews\bin\CustomAction.pdb
